story recapped here today i'm going to
show you a suspense thriller film called
the platform
spoilers ahead watch out and take care
the platform starts vaguely in a busy
setting you will see first a dynamic
place where the food is being
meticulously prepared
there is a busy older adult in a formal
suit somewhat an authority figure who
roams around the place and checks if
everything on the menu thoroughly like
there's a vast food fest about to happen
you can see different kinds of meat fish
fruit
wine and dessert prepared this place
where they prepare all the food is
platform zero
the people were hired to prepare the
best quality food for platform one and
beyond
a bearded man wakes up in a concrete
room where he sees an older man
this smug older man tells him they're on
platform 48 and it's the first day of
the month
he explains they will eat whatever the
leftovers were from levels 1 to 47.
trimagassi says obviously as his
catchphrase every time he ends a
sentence like naruto saying dadabayo
the younger man attempts to shake the
older man's hand as a gesture
he introduces himself as goring the
older man responds
requesting to get back to his spot the
smug older man assumes his roommate will
not last long since he is too
friendly then he introduces himself as
trimagassi
after one month the roommates get
shuffled to another platform
when it's time to eat a platform full of
leftover food descends
trimagassi is surprised that there's
wine still left with a bottle
roaring skips eating because of disgust
he sees a clean looking apple and keeps
it for later
when it's time for the platform to
descend trimagase empties the wine
spits what's left in his mouth and
throws the bottle below
after the platform lowers the room
starts to heat up and fry everything
inside
trimagassi being the veteran tells him
it's the apple goring keeps
which heats or cools the room if anyone
tries to keep the food
he drops the apple goring under the hole
because he wanted to quit his smoking
habit and get the chance to read don
quixote
on the second day trauma gassy does the
usual and eats the leftovers
trimagassi explains that he accidentally
killed someone outside because he threw
his television
out of frustration after buying a
self-sharpening knife called samurai max
the authorities gave him two options it
is either they will take him to the nut
house or the hole
where he obviously is currently located
goring asks how deep is the hole
trimagassi says he was deep in 132 but
there were more floors than he could see
below
goring shows what he brought with him as
he enters the hole a copy of don quixote
trimagassi then reveals what he brought
in the hole a samurai plus
which goring joked about earlier the
next day
trimagassi is usually shown feasting on
food boring decides to join him
another day passes trimagassi brags
about how the samurai plus gets sharper
while goring stretches his body
as he is reading the book as they talked
a person from a higher platform falls
and bumps near the edge where goring
stands
the corpse continuously falls down the
platform
gorang gets his face splattered with
blood due to shock
goring accuses trimagassi of eating his
roommate when he was 132 for survival
while they are fighting the platform
descends with a lady sitting in the
middle of it
trimagase calls the woman who descended
from the platform meru
trimagassi says that miyaru kills her
roommates at the end of the month
she does this so she can look for her
son below the platform
try magassi hints that the man who fell
might be me hero's victim
trimagassi also explained that at
platform 132
he and his roommate ate a corpse who
fell on them for survival
his roommate then got out of the hole
with an accreditation
mirror then gets harassed by people on
platform 49
after a few seconds they hear a couple
of men screaming
meru gets back on the platform and
descends
boring reads the book to try magassi
they get along until it is the last day
of the month
trimagassi prayed that they get to a
higher level because he's grown fond of
goring and his kindness
they both doze off because of the
sleeping gas in his second month
goring wakes up tied up to his bed with
trimagassi welcoming him with his
samurai plus
he and trimagassi happen to be in a
lower level in platform 171
where it is likely to have no food at
all trimagassi promises that he will not
eat goring after seven days until he
gets hungry
on the eighth day he caves into his
hunger and starts cutting goring's leg
trimagase starts calling goring his
little snail
mihuru attacks her and frees goring
goring kills trimagassi and they feed on
some of his flesh
mihuru nurses goring and gets back down
on the platform to look for her son
goring eats trimagase's rotten flesh for
survival for the whole month
on the night before goring's transfer as
the gas spreads in the room
trimagassi haunts him telling him that
they are the same there's also goring's
fever dream of making love to meeru
in the third month goring recognizes a
familiar face he wakes up with inogiri
and her dog ramesses ii
she is an administration official who
interviewed him before entering the hole
they are in level 33.
inaugural is firm in balancing the
platform's equilibrium and cease to feed
all 200 floors equally which goring
disagrees with seeing what he
experienced in platform 171
first she tries to balance her food with
her dog by eating in turns each day
he also persuades people below her to do
the same however
no one listens to her until goring
threatens everyone to fill other
people's food with his feces
everyone listen to him after that
further tensions rose when mihuru
arrives on platform 33
unconscious all bruised up and wounded
they panic so much on lifting mihuru
through a bed that they neglect ramesses
the second
goring suddenly notices the sudden drop
in room temperature and sees ramesses
the second biting a strip of meat which
goring quickly snatches ramesses the
second
and he throws back the meat strip under
the hole when she regained her
consciousness
she attempted to eat ramesses the second
leaving blood and guts on the floor
after seeing this mirror goes to the
platform and in ogiri reveals that she
has terminal cancer
innogiri then clarifies that there are
200 floors in total
and that the administration would not
allow children to join the program
negating mihuru's cause in the search
for her son she accuses mihuru of being
a delusional aspiring actress who wanted
to be an asian marilyn monroe
in the fourth month goring wakes up at
level 202
he discovers that a nogiri has hanged
herself now he gets forced to eat a
nogiri with trimagassi and inogiri
insulting him but he forcefully controls
himself
even eating his book pages at the end of
the month his hallucinations worsen as
trimagassi persuades him to eat a nogiri
in the fifth month he wakes up with
another roommate named bahrat on
platform 6.
bahrad attempts to climb upwards but
goring convinces him to move downwards
instead
they team up to persuade everyone to get
rations equally
they start to distribute food from
platform 50 below
those who relent them they treat
violently a wise inmate named senior
brambang advises them to leave an
untouched panicotta as a message to the
administration
as they descend further they see mehru
getting stabbed multiple stabs in a
fight
they help her but it's too late she's
gone
in the confrontation boring gets
bloodied up and bahrat suffers a fatal
stab wound
before they reach platform 250 and
beyond they saw many atrocities of
humans way beyond their expectations
as gorang and bahrat reach for platform
they notice how the platform has
completely stopped however as they both
step off
it lowered down once again then they
noticed that they had not been fried nor
frozen for bringing the panna cotta with
him
they see me hero's lost son which turns
out to be a daughter
meeru doesn't speak the whole movie so
there wasn't any hint on the child's
identity
gorang and baharat gave the panakata to
the girl presuming she is hungry and
hasn't eaten anything for days
during the night time he gets another
hallucination from trimagassi
they were tempting him to eat bahrain or
the girl what makes his hallucination
worse is even a nogiri and mihuru
appeared with trimagassi to tempt goring
boring wakes up seeing bahrain bathing
in his blood boring goes down to the
bottom
a vacuous space with only the light from
the uppermost rooms can provide limited
visibility
trimagassi welcomes the bruised and
wounded goring below the dark space
beyond the platform
they end up realizing that there's no
need for goring to aid the girl when it
gets back up top to be the message
goring joins trimagassi on the
bottommost floor goring demands from
trimagassi not to be called little snail
again
with trimagassi replying not to use his
word ever also
goring ends his journey leaving the girl
on top of the platform as the message to
the administration
subscribe to watch more videos like this
turn on notifications
and leave a like it really helps the
channel out thank you for watching